# RunMat Terms and Conditions

## 1. SAAS SERVICES AND SUPPORT

**1.1.** Dystr Inc. ("Company") provides the RunMat platform—a cloud-based or desktop application that allows you ("Customer") to manage and execute code in a collaborative environment—and related implementation, training, consulting, or other services (collectively "Service(s)") to Customer pursuant to this Agreement.  This Agreement includes and incorporates these Terms and Conditions and exhibits, together with all Order Forms executed between the parties, if any.  By entering into a Services order form (an "Order Form"), or otherwise registering for, accessing or using the Services, Customer unconditionally accepts and agrees to all of the terms of this Agreement.  By entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, Customer represents that it has the authority to bind such entity and its affiliates to the terms of this Agreement, and, accordingly, the terms "Customer" shall refer to such entity and its affiliates. If Customer does not have such authority, or Customer does not agree to all of the terms of this Agreement, Customer may not use the Services.

**1.2.** Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Customer the Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Company reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel passwords it deems inappropriate.

**1.3.** Subject to the terms hereof, Company will provide Customer with reasonable technical support services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Technical support can be contacted at team@runmat.com.

## 2. RESTRICTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

**2.1.** Customer will not, directly or indirectly: reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas, know-how or algorithms relevant to the Services or any software, documentation or data related to the Services ("Software"); modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services or any Software (except to the extent expressly permitted by Company or authorized within the Services); use the Services or any Software for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise for the benefit of a third; or remove any proprietary notices or labels.

**2.2.** Customer acknowledges that the Services may be subject to export control and sanctions laws, including without limitation the U.S. Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS"), International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") maintained by the U.S. Department of State and economic sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), and other similar laws and regulations (collectively, "Export Laws"). Customer agrees to comply with all Export Laws applicable to Customer's use of the Services. Customer represents and warrants that it is not (i) located, organized, or resident in a country or territory that is subject to a U.S. trade embargo (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea, so-called Donetsk People's Republic, and so-called Luhansk People's Republic regions of Ukraine); or (ii) identified on any applicable sanctions or restricted party list, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, and Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, administered by OFAC, and the Entity List, Denied Persons List, or Unverified List, administered by BIS; or (iii) more than 50% owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of, any person or entity described in (i) or (ii). Customer agrees that it will not export, re-export, or otherwise transfer the Services, or use the Services to disclose, transfer, download, export or re-export, directly or indirectly, any Customer Data, to any country, entity, or other party that is ineligible to receive such items under the Export Laws, or otherwise take any action in connection with the Services that causes Company to be in violation of Export Laws. Customer acknowledges that the Services may not be available in all jurisdictions and that Customer is solely responsible for complying with the Export Laws in its use of the Services.  As defined in FAR section 2.101, the Software and documentation are "commercial items" and according to DFAR section 252.227-7014(a)(1) and (5) are deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation."  Consistent with DFAR section 227.7202 and FAR section 12.212, any use modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of such commercial software or commercial software documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and will be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

**2.3.** Customer represents, covenants, and warrants that Customer will use the Services only in compliance with Company's standard published policies then in effect and all applicable laws and regulations.  Although Company has no obligation to monitor Customer's use of the Services, Company may do so and may prohibit any use of the Services it believes may be (or alleged to be) in violation of the foregoing.

**2.4.** Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, servers, software, operating systems, networking, web servers and the like (collectively, "Equipment").  Customer shall also be responsible for maintaining the security of the Equipment, Customer account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and user passwords) and files, and for all uses of Customer account or the Equipment with or without Customer's knowledge or consent.

## 3. CONFIDENTIALITY; PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

**3.1.** Each party (the "Receiving Party") understands that the other party (the "Disclosing Party") has disclosed or may disclose business, technical or financial information relating to the Disclosing Party's business (hereinafter referred to as "Proprietary Information" of the Disclosing Party).  Proprietary Information of Company includes non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Service.  Proprietary Information of Customer includes electronic data and information provided by Customer to Company to enable the provision of the Services ("Customer Data").  The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information.  The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any information after five (5) years following the disclosure thereof or any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party or (e) is required to be disclosed by law.

**3.2.** Customer shall own all right, title and interest in and to the Customer Data.  Company shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to (a) the Services and Software, all improvements, enhancements or modifications thereto, (b) any software, applications, inventions or other technology developed in connection with Services or support, and (c) all intellectual property rights related to any of the foregoing.

**3.3.** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Company shall have the right collect and analyze data and other information relating to the provision, use and performance of various aspects of the Services and related systems and technologies (excluding Customer Data and data derived therefrom), and  Company will be free (during and after the term hereof) to (i) use such information and data to improve and enhance the Services and for other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes in connection with the Services and other Company offerings, and (ii) disclose such data solely in aggregate or other de-identified form in connection with its business.  Further, Company shall have the right to use Customer's name and logo in a factual manner for marketing or promotional purposes on Company's website, in marketing materials, and in other communications with existing or potential Company customers. Customer grants Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, and display Customer's name, trademarks, service marks, and logos solely for such purposes. Customer may revoke this permission at any time by providing written notice to Company, and Company will cease such use within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice.

### 3.4. PAYMENT OF FEES

**3.5.** Customer will pay Company the then applicable fees described in the Order Form for the Services in accordance with the terms therein (the "Fees").  If Customer's use of the Services requires the payment of additional fees (per the terms of this Agreement), Customer shall be billed for such usage and Customer agrees to pay the additional fees in the manner provided herein.  Company reserves the right to change the Fees or applicable charges and to institute new charges and Fees at the end of the Initial Service Term or then-current renewal term, upon thirty (30) days prior notice to Customer (which may be sent by email).  If Customer believes that Company has billed Customer incorrectly, Customer must contact Company no later than sixty (60) days after the closing date on the first billing statement in which the error or problem appeared, in order to receive an adjustment or credit.  Inquiries should be directed to Company's customer support department.

**3.6.** Company may choose to bill through an invoice, in which case, full payment for invoices issued in any given month must be received by Company thirty (30) days after Customer's receipt of such invoice.  Unpaid amounts are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection and may result in immediate termination of Service. Customer shall be responsible for all taxes associated with Services other than U.S. taxes based on Company's net income.

## 4. TERM AND TERMINATION

**4.1.** Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Agreement is for the Initial Service Term as specified in the Order Form, and shall be automatically renewed for additional periods of the same duration as the Initial Service Term (collectively, the "Term"), unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term.

**4.2.** In addition to any other remedies it may have, either party may also terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' notice (or immediately upon notice by Company in the case of Customer's nonpayment or breach of Sections 2.1 or 2.2), if the other party materially breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement.  Customer will pay in full for the Services for the remainder of the full Term notwithstanding any early termination hereof. Upon any termination and upon Customer's request, Company will make all Customer Data available to Customer for electronic retrieval for a period of thirty (30) days at the Customer's expense, but thereafter Company may, but is not obligated to, delete stored Customer Data.  All sections of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination will survive termination, including, without limitation, accrued rights to payment, confidentiality obligations and proprietary rights' terms, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.

## 5. WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER

Company shall use reasonable efforts consistent with prevailing industry standards to maintain the Services in a manner which minimizes errors and interruptions in the Services and shall perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner.  Services may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance, either by Company or by third-party providers, or because of other causes beyond Company's reasonable control, but Company shall use reasonable efforts to provide advance notice in writing or by e-mail of any scheduled service disruption.  HOWEVER, COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES IT MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING USE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE MODELS THAT MAY DEPEND ON CUSTOMER'S INPUT AND OVERSIGHT.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

## 6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, EXCEPT FOR A BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR BREACH OF RESTRICTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN SECTION 2.1-2.2, UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST PROFITS, LOST SALES OR BUSINESS, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, LOST CONTENT OR DATA, EVEN IF A REPRESENTATIVE OF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED, KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR (B) EXCLUDING CUSTOMER'S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS, ANY DIRECT DAMAGES, COSTS, OR LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNTS PAYABLE AND/OR PAID BY CUSTOMER UNDER THE APPLICABLE ORDER FORM DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE INCIDENT OR CLAIM.

## 7. MISCELLANEOUS

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.  Neither party hereto may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other party's prior written consent, except that either party may assign this Agreement without consent to a successor to all or substantially all of its assets or business related to this Agreement.  Any attempted assignment, delegation, or transfer by either party in violation hereof will be null and void.  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding on the parties and their successors and assigns.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.  No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and Customer does not have any authority of any kind to bind Company in any respect whatsoever.  In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys' fees.  All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service; and upon receipt, if sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
